README.md, before:

# Jot - A Scheduling App
Jot is a full stack event scheduling application made with React on the front-end and Node/Express on the back-end. It lets users create and share event details with their guests who can RSVP to the event. It also allows editing RSVP information and dynamically updates the RSVP information upon a change.

## Published @ https://lil-white-shadow.github.io/jot-scheduling-app/#/

## Back-end repo @ https://github.com/lil-white-shadow/jot-backend-node

## Images and Demo

### RSVP Demo -- RSVP information updates instantaneously upon change
[Tab-1673464983653.webm](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96262157/211899210-d04938fb-b7a1-4af2-a9a4-fbb7b75f09ac.webm)

### Homepage
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96262157/211897582-15816f6e-6b61-4668-be1d-aecf1662c08a.png)

### Create new event page
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96262157/211897653-3e4fd941-3450-4777-b507-40679868ec16.png)

### View all events page
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96262157/211897756-0f0ccda0-29d6-4f10-b9db-17ceab56a990.png)

### RSVP page [view an event by eventId]
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96262157/211898068-1b2d07ac-3261-45e2-92e2-d9aca8bfa6cb.png)

### About page
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96262157/211898189-87883ed4-e4c8-4a2f-ae79-d7d78a5d3a80.png)

### Create new event - mobile view
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96262157/211898292-14b9e8c0-4c9b-4b3c-b355-3fe065e18390.png)

Commit message:

add view all events demo

README.md, after:

# Jot - A Scheduling App
Jot is a full stack event scheduling application made with React on the front-end and Node/Express on the back-end. It lets users create and share event details with their guests who can RSVP to the event. It also allows editing RSVP information and dynamically updates the RSVP information upon a change.

## Published @ https://lil-white-shadow.github.io/jot-scheduling-app/#/

## Back-end repo @ https://github.com/lil-white-shadow/jot-backend-node

## Images and Demo

### RSVP Demo -- RSVP information updates instantaneously upon change
[Tab-1673464983653.webm](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96262157/211899210-d04938fb-b7a1-4af2-a9a4-fbb7b75f09ac.webm)

### View All Events Demo - Page is protected and scroll disabled until passcode is entered
[Tab-1673514946397.webm](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96262157/212027097-8529258c-9609-42b5-bbc9-029b8a1ac30a.webm)

### Homepage
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96262157/211897582-15816f6e-6b61-4668-be1d-aecf1662c08a.png)

### Create new event page
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96262157/211897653-3e4fd941-3450-4777-b507-40679868ec16.png)

### View all events page
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96262157/211897756-0f0ccda0-29d6-4f10-b9db-17ceab56a990.png)

### RSVP page [view an event by eventId]
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96262157/211898068-1b2d07ac-3261-45e2-92e2-d9aca8bfa6cb.png)

### About page
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96262157/211898189-87883ed4-e4c8-4a2f-ae79-d7d78a5d3a80.png)

### Create new event - mobile view
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/96262157/211898292-14b9e8c0-4c9b-4b3c-b355-3fe065e18390.png)
